erpnext/docs/user/manual/en/stock/item/item-variants.md, before:

A Item Variant is a version of a Item, such as differing sizes or differing colours (like a _blue_ t-shirt in size _small_ rather then just a t-shirt).
Without Item variants, you would have to treat the _small, medium_ and _large_ versions of a t-shirt as three separate Items; 
Item variants let you treat the _small, medium_ and _large_ versions of a t-shirt as variations of the one Item 't-shirt'.

To use Item Variants in ERPNext, create an Item and check 'Has Variants'.

* The Item shall then be referred to as a so called 'Template'. Such a Template is not identical to a regular 'Item' any longer. For example it (the Template) can not be used directly in any Transactions (Sales Order, Delivery Note, Purchase Invoice) itself. Only the Variants of an Item (_blue_ t-shirt in size _small)_ can be practically used in such. Therefore it would be ideal to decide whether an item 'Has Variants' or not directly when creating it. 

<img class="screenshot" alt="Has Variants" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/stock/item-has-variants.png">

On selecting 'Has Variants' a table shall appear. Specify the variant attributes for the Item in the table.
In case the attribute has Numeric Values, you can specify the range and increment values here. 

<img class="screenshot" alt="Valid Attributes" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/stock/item-attributes.png">

> Note: You cannot make Transactions against a 'Template'

To create 'Item Variants' against a 'Template' select 'Make Variants'

<img class="screenshot" alt="Make Variants" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/stock/make-variant.png">

<img class="screenshot" alt="Make Variants" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/stock/make-variant-1.png">

To learn more about setting Attributes Master check [Item Attributes]({{docs_base_url}}/user/manual/en/stock/setup/item-attribute.html)

Commit message:

[feature] ability to have variants based on manufacturer

erpnext/docs/user/manual/en/stock/item/item-variants.md, after:

# Item Variants

### What are Variants?

A Item Variant is a version of a Item, such as differing sizes or differing colours (like a _blue_ t-shirt in size _small_ rather then just a t-shirt).
Without Item variants, you would have to treat the _small, medium_ and _large_ versions of a t-shirt as three separate Items;
Item variants let you treat the _small, medium_ and _large_ versions of a t-shirt as variations of the one Item 't-shirt'.

### Using Variants

Variants can be based on two things

1. Item Attributes
1. Manufacturers

### Variants Based on Item Attributes

To use Item Variants in ERPNext, create an Item and check 'Has Variants'.

* The Item shall then be referred to as a so called 'Template'. Such a Template is not identical to a regular 'Item' any longer. For example it (the Template) can not be used directly in any Transactions (Sales Order, Delivery Note, Purchase Invoice) itself. Only the Variants of an Item (_blue_ t-shirt in size _small)_ can be practically used in such. Therefore it would be ideal to decide whether an item 'Has Variants' or not directly when creating it.

<img class="screenshot" alt="Has Variants" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/stock/item-has-variants.png">

On selecting 'Has Variants' a table shall appear. Specify the variant attributes for the Item in the table.
In case the attribute has Numeric Values, you can specify the range and increment values here.

<img class="screenshot" alt="Valid Attributes" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/stock/item-attributes.png">

> Note: You cannot make Transactions against a 'Template'

To create 'Item Variants' against a 'Template' select 'Make Variants'

<img class="screenshot" alt="Make Variants" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/stock/make-variant.png">

<img class="screenshot" alt="Make Variants" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/stock/make-variant-1.png">

To learn more about setting Attributes Master check [Item Attributes]({{docs_base_url}}/user/manual/en/stock/setup/item-attribute.html)

### Variants Based on Manufacturers

To setup variants based on Manufactueres, in your Item template, set "Variants Based On" as "Manufacturers"

<img class='screenshot' alt='Setup Item Variant by Manufacturer'
	src='{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/stock/select-mfg-for-variant.png'>

When you make a new Variant, the system will prompt you to select a Manufacturer. You can also optionally put in a Manufacturer Part Number

<img class='screenshot' alt='Setup Item Variant by Manufacturer'
	src='{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/stock/set-variant-by-mfg.png'>

The naming of the variant will be the name (ID) of the template Item with a number suffix. e.g. "ITEM000" will have variant "ITEM000-1"
