erpnext/docs/user/manual/en/accounts/credit-limit.md, before:

# Credit Limit

  

A credit limit is the maximum amount of credit that a financial institution or
other lender will extend to a debtor for a particular line of credit. From an
organisation's perspective, it is the maximum amount of credit which a
customer gets on goods purchased.  

To set credit limit go to Customer - Master

> Selling > Document > Customer 

  
#### Figure 1: Credit Limit

<img class="screenshot" alt="Credit Limit" src="/docs/assets/img/accounts/credit-limit-1.png">

Go to the 'More Info section' and enter the amount in the field Credit Limit.

In case a need arises to allow more credit to the customer as a good-will, the
Credit Controller has access to submit order even if credit limit is crossed.

To allow any other role to submit transactions by customers whose credit limit
has expired, go to accounting settings and make changes.

In the field Credit Controller, select the role who would be authorized to
accept orders or raise credit limits of customers.
  
#### Figure 2: Credit Controller

<img class="screenshot" alt="Credit Limit" src="/docs/assets/img/accounts/credit-limit-2.png">

Save the changes.

{next}

Commit message:

Priority of credit limit check functionality (#11232)
CREDIT LIMIT field is at customer, customer group and company level .
Explanation given on priority of the three levels.

erpnext/docs/user/manual/en/accounts/credit-limit.md, after:

# Credit Limit

  

A credit limit is the maximum amount of credit that a financial institution or
other lender will extend to a debtor for a particular line of credit. From an
organisation's perspective, it is the maximum amount of credit which a
customer gets on goods purchased.  

To set credit limit go to Customer - Master

> Selling > Document > Customer 

  
#### Figure 1: Credit Limit

<img class="screenshot" alt="Credit Limit" src="/docs/assets/img/accounts/credit-limit-1.png">

Go to the 'CREDIT LIMIT' section and enter the amount in the field Credit Limit.

If you leave CREDIT LIMIT as 0.00, it has no effect.

In case a need arises to allow more credit to the customer as a good-will, the
Credit Controller has access to submit order even if credit limit is crossed.

To allow any other role to submit transactions by customers whose credit limit
has expired, go to accounting settings and make changes.

In the field Credit Controller, select the role who would be authorized to
accept orders or raise credit limits of customers.

To set credit limit at Customer Group Level go to Selling -> Customers -> Customer Group

Go to the 'CREDIT LIMIT' field and enter the amount.
If you leave CREDIT LIMIT as 0.00, it has no effect.


To set credit limit at Company level go to Account -> Company

Go to the 'ACCOUNT SETTINGS' section and enter the amount in the CREDIT LIMIT field.
If you leave CREDIT LIMIT as 0.00, it has no effect.

For 'CREDIT LIMIT' check functionality, Priority (High to Low) is as below
1) Customer
2) Customer Group
3) Company



  
#### Figure 2: Credit Controller

<img class="screenshot" alt="Credit Limit" src="/docs/assets/img/accounts/credit-limit-2.png">

Save the changes.

{next}
